[pl]Remeber to put your initials in square brackets at rthe start of each section
Title
insert team member names here
Assassin's Creed Lunar

Elevator pitch 
Describe your game in 30 seconds or less
[dc]In a fictional 2021, tsunamis are becoming the size of skyscrapers, wiping out swathes of people. The assassin's suspect
it is due to the moon's closer proximity to the earth in the past year. To uncover why this is happening, the assassin's
enter the animus and take on the role of a secret member of the Apollo 11 moon landing. Upon landing they discover the US and 
Soviet armies on the moon fighting a war unseen to the earth's population.
...
World Background
main differences in your game world
[dc]The most notable difference in the world, the game is set entirely on the moon, with just a few sections taking place in
Houston 1969. The story of the game will mainly revolve around the fictional secret conflict between the US and Russian 
armies on the moon, which has caused consequences in the modern day world.
...
Pillars
3-4 fundementals of this game
[dc]Open World exploration on a completely alien world
Side Quests with choices that matter
Multiple Endings
Sense of progression as you level your character and obtain new weapons
...
30 second gameplay description
describe what its like to play the essence of the game loop
[dc]Complete story quests to progress the story, usually involving combat with combo strings, heavy attack light attack,
and stealth. When a roadblock in difficulty is hit, the player can do sidequests to level and then return to the difficult mission.
...
Features points
key selling points of your game
[dc]Completely new environment to the assassin's creed series
Thrilling historical fiction story involving two super powers
Engaging low gravity combat
...
Market analysis
similar games , typical customer, expected sales
[dc]Similar games would be the rest of the Assassin's creed franchise, some Batman Arkham games and Super Mario Galaxy.
The typical customer would be a fan of open world games with immersive stories.
This game's expected sales would be around 10 million copies.
